# Artificial Intelligence for Multiple Launch Rocket System Simulation

This project presents an AI-powered autonomous missile guidance prototype. Minuteman Guidance Computer Emulator. JOVIAL J73 Compiler. Missile Trajectory Simulation & Optimization (3D). Implementation of a GNC algorithms for Missile Guidance. A Probabilistic Missile Intercept Model. The Lambda-4S rocket is a very small orbital launch vehicle from the mid-1900s. Practical calculation of the aerodynamic characteristics of slender finned vehicles. Nonlinear simulation of hypersonic flight dynamics, made with MATLAB and FlightGear. EnSim is an open-source desktop application for rocket propulsion analysis and flight simulation. MAPLEAF 6-DOF Rocket Flight Simulation Framework. GUI_Missile_Flyout is a stand-alone program running under Windows for simulating ballistic missiles. The Cambridge rocketry simulator can be used to produce six-degree-of-freedom simulations of rocket flights. The Cambridge rocketry toolbox is a set of functions that can be run on either Octave or Matlab. OpenRocket is a fully featured model rocket simulator. RocketPy is the next-generation trajectory simulation solution for High-Power Rocketry. JCuda - Java bindings for CUDA Templates and Python DSLs for High-Performance Linear Algebra. MATLAB/Simulink simulation software for the flight dynamic simulation of an transsonic missile system. JSBSim Manager is a python module for automating the writing of these XML configuration files. oj! Algorithms – ojAlgo – is an open source Java code to do mathematics, linear algebra and optimisation. The Aerobee was a name given to a family of sounding rockets with several variants flow in the 1960's. FC-Udev Flight Software is an open-source project designed to operate and manage model rockets, perfect for rocketeers eager to explore the integration of electronics into their projects. NASA simulation test cases to JSBSim framework. Open Rocket Document (.ord) is a suggested open document standard for describing sounding rockets

The directory structure includes a specific folder for each phase of development and engineering programs:

- __MBSE__: The root folder Arcadia (ARChitecture Analysis and Design Integrated Approach) is a method of tools dedicated to systems engineering and architecture, supported by the Capella modeling tool.    
  - __CAD__: For computer-aided design.
  - __CAM__: Dedicated to the part manufacturing and assembly process.
  - __CAS__: For simulation of end-to-end functionality and performance analysis.

